Proofreading the Transition Guide (#11543)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/intro.md

IR v11 is supported by all OpenVINO Development tools including Post-Training Optimization tool, Benchmark app, etc.

### IR v10 Compatibility

API 2.0 also supports backward compatibility for models in IR v10. If you have IR v10 files, they can also be fed to OpenVINO Runtime (For more details, see the [migration steps](common_inference_pipeline.md)).

Some OpenVINO Development Tools also support both IR v10 and IR v11 as an input:
- Accuracy checker uses API 2.0 for model accuracy measurement by default. It also supports switching to the old API by using the `--use_new_api False` command line parameter. Both launchers accept IR v10 and v11, but in some cases configuration files should be updated. For more details, see the [Accuracy Checker documentation](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/blob/master/tools/accuracy_checker/openvino/tools/accuracy_checker/launcher/openvino_launcher_readme.md).

> - [Compile tool](../../../tools/compile_tool/README.md) compiles the model to be used in API 2.0 by default. If a user wants to use the resulting compiled blob under the Inference Engine API, the additional `ov_api_1_0` option should be passed.

Author: Your suggestion sounds a lot better. I also think, that we can just get rid of 'If a user wants', thus avoiding yet another use of 'you'.

> The following OpenVINO tools don't support IR v10 as an input: Post-Training Optimization tool, and Deep Learning Workbench. They require the latest version of Model Optimizer to generate IR v11 files.

Author: I agree. The use of bullets for short lists may and should be limited. I know their main purpose is to focus only on the essential info, so the reader does not need to go through elaborate wording, but then again it doesn't have to be a 'hard read' as long as we suggest an "aesthetically pleasing" solution.

> **NOTE**: If you need to quantize your IR v10 models to run with OpenVINO 2022.1, it is recommended to download, and use Post-Training Optimization tool from the OpenVINO 2021.4 release.

### Differences between Inference Engine and OpenVINO Runtime 2022.1

> Inference Engine and nGraph APIs are not outdated. They are still fully functional and can be used in applications. However, it is highly recommended to migrate to API 2.0, as it offers additional features (further extended in future releases). Below is a list of additional features supported by API 2.0:

Author: With all that in mind, I would suggest:
Inference Engine and nGraph APIs do not become deprecated with the introduction of the new API. However, it is highly recommended to migrate to API 2.0, as it offers more features (further extended in future releases), such as:

I think that removal of "They are still fully functional and can be used in applications." supports the idea of "not encouraging" users to keep using them.

> Inference Engine and nGraph APIs are not outdated. They are still fully functional and can be used in applications. However, it is highly recommended to migrate to API 2.0, as it offers additional features (further extended in future releases). Below is a list of additional features supported by API 2.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inference Engine and nGraph APIs have not become deprecated with the introduction of the new API, and they can still be used in applications. However, it is highly recommended to migrate to API 2.0, as it offers more features (further extended in future releases), such as:
```

> Inference Engine and nGraph APIs are not outdated. They are still fully functional and can be used in applications. However, it is highly recommended to migrate to API 2.0, as it offers additional features (further extended in future releases). Below is a list of additional features supported by API 2.0:

Reviewer: You are right, we should not "advertise" the old API :) Let's just add a tiny explanation for those who might not understand the word "deprecated" :) It should be fine like that.

- [Preprocessing of the model](../preprocessing_overview.md) -- adds preprocessing operations to inference models, and fully occupies the accelerator, freeing CPU resources.

The API differences between Inference Engine, and API 2.0, can be defined by two types of behaviors:
- **Old behavior** of OpenVINO assumes that:
  - Model Optimizer can change input element types, order of dimensions (layouts) for the model from the original framework.
  - Inference Engine can override input and output element types.
  - Inference Engine API uses operation names to address inputs and outputs (e.g. InferenceEngine::InferRequest::GetBlob).
  - Inference Engine API does not support compiling of models with dynamic input shapes.
- **New behavior** assumes full model alignment with the framework and is implemented in OpenVINO 2022.1:
  - Model Optimizer preserves input element types, order of dimensions (layouts), and stores tensor names from the original models.
  - OpenVINO Runtime 2022.1 reads models in any format (IR v10, IR v11, ONNX, PaddlePaddle, etc.).

>   - API 2.0 uses tensor names. Note, the difference between tensor names and operation names is that if a single operation has several output tensors, such tensors cannot be identified in a unique manner. This results in tensor names being used for addressing as it's usually done in the frameworks.

Author: I am not entirely sure I follow your thought. 
You mean you want to introduce the information about the differences between both tensor names and operation names in a "Old Behavior" ? Tensor names are a new concept from API 2.0 and I don't know if it is a good idea to mix it in the section regarding the old version.

>   - API 2.0 uses tensor names. Note, the difference between tensor names and operation names is that if a single operation has several output tensors, such tensors cannot be identified in a unique manner. This results in tensor names being used for addressing as it's usually done in the frameworks.

Reviewer: I would remove the description of the problem. I think it fits better in the "old" section. With the new approach, tensor names, the issue is no more, it has ceased to be, it's expired [...] This is a late issue. :)

>   - API 2.0 uses tensor names. Note, the difference between tensor names and operation names is that if a single operation has several output tensors, such tensors cannot be identified in a unique manner. This results in tensor names being used for addressing as it's usually done in the frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - API 2.0 uses tensor names for addressing, which is the standard approach among the compatible model frameworks.
```
